Hello friends, welcome to my new series in
which I will tell you
in detail about the top health insurance plans in India.
Like HDFC Air, ICICI LBRD,
Aitya Birla, Star Health, Care and many
more plans.  In this series, we will
also compare and understand which plan can be
best for you.  In this video I will
give you an overview of different health plans of ICICI LBD,
its pros and cons and
in the last I will show you how much a family
health insurance can cost you.
So watch this video till the end
so that you can decide whether this plan
is right for you or not.  ICICI is a trusted
insurance company with 20 years plus
experience.  This company works in multiple segments like health
insurance, modern insurance, travel
insurance, home insurance.
Their claim settlement ratio in health insurance is
around 82%.
IRDI reports on S which doesn't sound good.  The
company also has a 10,000 plus
cashless hospital network.  Where you
can get cashless treatment.  This company
claims that cashless approval
takes less than 60 minutes.  So let's
discuss about their different plans coming in the market.
Their Elevate plan comes first.
I have discussed the Elevate plan in detail at the end of the video.
Its add
ons, its pros and cons.  Talking about the second plan,
their second plan is Max
Protect Plan.  In this, the minimum cover can
start from Rs 1 crore and can
go up to Rs 10 crore and unlimited.
In Plan A you get offers like organ transplant, pre and
post hospitalization, unlimited restore.
And in their Plan B
i.e. premium plan, you also get air
ambulance, home care treatment, annual
health checkup, second medical option, worldwide
coverage.  If we talk about their third
plan, its name is
Activate Booster whose sum insured
starts from Rs 10 lakh and goes up to Rs 3 crore.
Like the Sem Max product, it also has two plans.
Plan A and Plan B.  If we
talk about Plan A, then addons like jump start
, air ambulance, pre-existing
diseases can also be reduced.  If we
talk about Plan B, then it also provides awards like annual
health checkup, nursing at home, compassionate
visit etc.  If we
talk about their fourth and last plan, then
their fourth and last plan is
Activate Booster Combo.  In which you
get ICICI Elevate plan as the base plan
and in top-up you get Activate Booster
plan.  So you can see that I have
opened the page of ICICI LBA Health Insurance.
In this I have given three individuals in
which two adults and one kid have been taken.
I have taken two adults of age 30 and one male of age 30.  I have taken the age of the female as
28.  And I have taken the age of the kid to be two
years.  I have checked the sub insurance plan of Rs 10 lakh.
And you can check it in this.
In this, two options are provided to us.
Essential Pack and Basic Pack.
I will proceed with the basic pack.
In this you can see that there
is a discount by having a good credit score.  If you
enter your name and your PAN card in it.  If your
civil score is good then you will get a discount.   Let
me talk about add ons.  I go with the basic pack.
Only two add-ons are available in this.  Out of which
add ons like two hour hospitalization and nursing at home are available.
If I go down, I will definitely take an add-on like Power Booster, in
which my next year
everything insured will increase from Rs 10 lakh to Rs 20 lakh and this will keep
increasing from next year to next year, then it will become Rs 30 lakh, then Rs 40 lakh and so on.  So whatever you
select will be doubled.  Like 10
of 20 will not be 40 next year.  20 will be
30.
I can take Infinite Care at
any time in my lifetime, let's suppose I have taken
sub-insurance of Rs. 10 lakhs but I get a claim of up to Rs. 25 lakhs, let's
suppose I get a claim of Rs. 30 lakhs,
which if I have taken Infinite Care then
that too will be settled because
in my lifetime I can settle the claim of any amount.
If I had the Infinite
Care add on, I would
go with this one.  I have avoided Claim Protector.
I have avoided tele consultation help checkup.
Room modifier I I will
remove the capping.  There is always
capping on it.  Single private room
is available with no charges.  But I will
select any room in this so that I do
not face any problem in the room.  If I
am hospitalized or any individual from my family is
hospitalized,
I will also take this OPD add-on.  In this,
everything will be insured for Rs 5000.
Rest I will avoid inflation protector.
You can also add add-ons like Jump Start.  Out of which,
if you have
any disease like asthma, diabetes
and hypertension.  If there is any such disease, you
can take Jump Start and cure it in 30 days by reducing the waiting period.
Which is a very nice add on.  There
is also waiting period reduction.  In this,
you can reduce any disease which has a waiting period of three years.
I think its waiting period is two years.  It takes
two to one year.  I will avoid it for now.
Rest two hour
hospitalization is already inbuilt in it.
I will remove the rest of the add-ons like air ambulance.  I will
not add it for now.  Nursing at home
is inbuilt in it.  I will remove maternity coverage from this.
I will not take lump sum payments from this.
I will not add to this like world wide coverage and cost optimization.  When I
initially
took this basic pack, my total premium
was ₹15234.
Now I will recalculate it because I had
taken add-ons from it and you can see
my premium has become ₹21900.
So these were the four plans of ICICI LBA. Let us
also talk about their pros and cons.
If we talk about X, the
waiting period for maternity and pre-
existing diseases is up to two to three years,
which can be reduced with add-ons like Jump Start.  The
premium is a bit on the higher
side compared to other companies like
Star and Care.  Some add-ons increase costly.  The
company's claim settlement ratio is 82%,
which doesn't sound good.  If
we talk about the company's pros, the company
's incurred claim ratio is 78%.  This means
that if the company is taking ₹1000 from the public, then the
company is returning at least ₹780
which is a good percentage.  If
we talk about complaints,
ICICI LBAT has less than half the industry average,
which is very good.  If we talk about Last Pro, then the
company
comes with multiple customization aids.  According to me,
before buying health insurance, you should
visit your nearest hospital and check
whether it
is in the network of your insurance company and
provides cashless treatment or
not.  In my opinion, if you are looking for
comprehensive coverage, a trusted brand and
quick claim support, then ICICI LBD
Complete Health Insurance Plan is a solid
choice.  But if you are looking for basic cover at low premium then
you should compare other plans.
If you found this video
informative then don't forget to like the video
and subscribe to the channel.
Your little support motivates me to
bring such useful finance and insurance videos.  See you
in another video with another new health insurance.